Skip to main content
.st0{fill:#FFFFFF;}
Login
FINANCING PROGRAMS
FUNDING CALLS
PARTNERSHIP REGISTER
EVENTS AND ACTIVITIES
SUCCESS STORIES
NEWS
USEFUL
CONTACT
PR/NE/2025/3/RSO2.7/1/ The Applicant Guide "Green Infrastructure" – Cities
CALL FOR FUNDING
General information
Documents
Details
Budget
Calendar
Funding Domain(s)
Geographic Areas
The allocated budget and the co-financing rate
The method of submitting projects
Home | Funding Calls | PR/NE/2025/3/RSO2.7/1/ The Applicant Guide "Green Infrastructure" – Cities
General information
Call name:
PR/NE/2025/3/RSO2.7/1/ The Applicant Guide "Green Infrastructure" – Cities
Priority:
3. NORTHEAST - A SUSTAINABLE, MORE ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY REGION
The specific objective:
INTENSIFYING ACTIONS TO PROTECT AND CONSERVE NATURE, BIODIVERSITY AND GREEN INFRASTRUCTURE, INCLUDING IN URBAN AREAS, AS WELL AS REDUCING ALL FORMS OF POLLUTION
Call Type:
Competitive
Documents
The Applicant Guide
The Applicant Guide - 02-07-2025
Details
Programs for which the call applies
Regional Programs
North-East Regional Program
Eligible beneficiaries
Local public authority, Partnerships, UAT
Applicant eligibility criteria:
According to The Applicant Guide.
Eligible Activities:
Eligible activities:
1. Measures for the creation, arrangement, modernization and expansion of public green spaces with unlimited access – parks and/or gardens:
cleaning, toileting, modeling and land sanitation actions,
demolition of buildings located on the lands subject to intervention,
planting with perennial plants, trees and shrubs, which lend themselves to the climatic zone,
turfing of surfaces,
bee pasture development (by sowing seed mixes for different perennial plant species) and bee hotels
the construction/arrangement of gazebos,
construction/arrangement of bird observation points,
purchase and installation of irrigation systems
construction/arrangement of alleys with non-invasive structure (ecological materials).
2. Measures for the development and modernization of park forests:
alleys made of ecological materials, with a maximum width of 2 m
bike lanes (included in the category of related expenses);
benches (from environmentally friendly materials) (included in the category of related expenses);
information points (included in the category of related expenses);
ecological toilets (included in the category of related expenses);
temporary wooden constructions with a maximum built-up area of 15 square meters, (included in the category of related expenses);
afforestation with species that are not of the fundamental natural type in place of extracted trees.
Budget
EU budget:
12.315.317 EUR
Calendar
Release date:
July 02 2025
opening date:
July 04, 2025 10:00
Closing date:
September 30, 2025 14:00 p.m.
Funding Domain(s):
Domain Funding
Urban development, Environment
Targeted Geographical Area
Areas:
Northeast region
The allocated budget and the co-financing rate
The indicative financial allocation for this call for projects is 12.315.317 euros (ERDF + national contribution), of which 10.468.019 euros from the ERDF and 1.847.298 euros national contribution (state budget + local budget).
The non-refundable value of the project is a minimum of 200.000 euros and a maximum of 1.500.000 euros.
Within the call for projects PR/NE/2025/3/RSO2.7/1/Green Spaces Cities, the following co-financing rates will be taken into account for the preparation of the budget for the funding application:
– The co-financing rate granted through the European Regional Development Fund is a maximum of 85% of the value of the project's eligible expenses, and the co-financing rate from the state budget represents a maximum of 13% of the value of the project's eligible expenses.
– For projects submitted under this call for projects, the co-financing from the applicant is a minimum of 2% of the value of eligible expenses.
In the case of projects submitted in partnership, the above-mentioned co-financing rates apply to each member of the partnership for its eligible expenses. In the case of a partnership, the manner of participation of the partners in ensuring the eligible and ineligible expenses of the project will be established in the Partnership Agreement.
Exception: In the case of the last project whose total eligible value falls partially within the financial allocation of the call for projects, the own contribution to the eligible value will be equal to the difference between the maximum available value of the allocation and the eligible value of the project. Thus, in this case, the co-financing rate granted from the European Regional Development Fund is a maximum of 85% of the non-reimbursable value of the project, and the co-financing rate from the state budget represents 15% of the non-reimbursable value of the project.
In the case of a project whose total eligible value is higher than 1.530.612,24 Euro, the own contribution to the eligible value will be equal to the difference between the eligible value of the project and the maximum non-refundable value (according to eligibility requirement 8). Thus, the co-financing rate granted from the European Regional Development Fund is a maximum of 85% of the non-refundable value of the project, and the co-financing rate from the state budget represents 15% of the non-refundable value of the project.
  The method of submitting projects
In the framework of this call, the projects and the related documents (both those from the submission and the subsequent ones) will be submitted exclusively through the MySMIS2021/SMIS2021+ electronic application available at the web address https://mysmis2021.gov.ro/
Share:
Do you need help?
You can fill out the form below to contact us.
Name*
E-mail*
Phone
Message*
Terms
I understand that the transmission of this personal data is necessary for the processing of my request through this form, without which it is not possible to receive a response. I agree to give the Ministry of Investments and European Projects access to this information in order to resolve my request, provided that this data is not used for any other purpose, except for archiving.**
Facebook
YouTube